README.md, before:

# React Knowledgeable

React Knowledgeable is a fun and friendly podium to share what we learn about React.

This repo is the community site for `<RK />`.

## 🖥 Developing locally

1. Run `yarn` (or `npm install`)
2. Set up [GitHub Personal Access Token](https://github.com/settings/tokens), refer to [Authenticating with GraphQL](https://developer.github.com/v4/guides/forming-calls/#authenticating-with-graphql) for requisite scope
3. Run `GITHUB_TOKEN=<WHATEVER_GITHUB_GENERATED_FOR_YOU> yarn develop` (or `GITHUB_TOKEN=<WHATEVER_GITHUB_GENERATED_FOR_YOU> npm start`)
4. Alternatively, you may create an `.env` file in your project root, and put `GITHUB_TOKEN=<WHATEVER_GITHUB_GENERATED_FOR_YOU>` inside. Then, you may run `npm start` directly. The `.env` file will be `.gitignore`d so you won't commit your `GITHUB_TOKEN`.

## 🎙 Talk slides

1. Go to one of the meetup pages, i.e. https://reactknowledgeable.org/meetups/1/
2. Press <kbd>p</kbd> for presentation mode
3. Paging controls: 
   - <kbd>space</kbd> or <kbd>j</kbd>: next page
   - <kbd>k</kbd>: previous page
   - digits <kbd>0</kbd> ~ <kbd>9</kbd>: respective pages

### Random things to note

If you use `npm` instead of `yarn`, you may run into the following error:

```
The above error occurred in the <StoreStateProvider> component:
    in StoreStateProvider
    in App

React will try to recreate this component tree from scratch using the error boundary you provided, App.
Warning: App: Error boundaries should implement getDerivedStateFromError(). In that method, return a state update to display an error message or fallback UI.
```
The actual cause of this error might be due to the differences between how both package managers handle things. Running `yarn` and letting the yarn resolve dependencies will fix the issue. You can then continue to use `GITHUB_TOKEN=<xxx> npm start` again.

Commit message:

Feature: Airtable RSVP
- RSPV data will be recorded in Airtable
  - Name, Github Username is requested from the site
- Airtable plugin is used to query for attendee data for display. Currently this is just the total number, until we implement a toggle for people to hide their profiles from display.
- Signing up is done through a Netlify function which inserts the data into Airtable.
- As of this commit, local development will require an Airtable API key.

README.md, after:

# React Knowledgeable

React Knowledgeable is a fun and friendly podium to share what we learn about React.

This repo is the community site for `<RK />`.

## 🖥 Developing locally

> You will need an Airtable API key to develop locally

1. Run `yarn` (or `npm install`)
2. Set up [GitHub Personal Access Token](https://github.com/settings/tokens), refer to [Authenticating with GraphQL](https://developer.github.com/v4/guides/forming-calls/#authenticating-with-graphql) for requisite scope
3. Acquire Airtable API Key and set it into your environment.
4. Run `yarn start` or `npm start` (see below for variable configuration).

### API Keys

You can either create a `.env` file, or specify these keys when running the `start` command:

`GITHUB_TOKEN=XXX AIRTABLE_API_KEY=YYY ... yarn start`

```
// .env file

GITHUB_TOKEN=XXX
AIRTABLE_API_KEY=YYY
AIRTABLE_BASE_ID=ZZZ
```

## 🎙 Talk slides

1. Go to one of the meetup pages, i.e. https://reactknowledgeable.org/meetups/1/
2. Press <kbd>p</kbd> for presentation mode
3. Paging controls: 
   - <kbd>space</kbd> or <kbd>j</kbd>: next page
   - <kbd>k</kbd>: previous page
   - digits <kbd>0</kbd> ~ <kbd>9</kbd>: respective pages

### Random things to note

If you use `npm` instead of `yarn`, you may run into the following error:

```
The above error occurred in the <StoreStateProvider> component:
    in StoreStateProvider
    in App

React will try to recreate this component tree from scratch using the error boundary you provided, App.
Warning: App: Error boundaries should implement getDerivedStateFromError(). In that method, return a state update to display an error message or fallback UI.
```
The actual cause of this error might be due to the differences between how both package managers handle things. Running `yarn` and letting the yarn resolve dependencies will fix the issue. You can then continue to use `GITHUB_TOKEN=<xxx> npm start` again.
